.\" MIT License
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2018-2019 Davidson Francis <davidsondfgl@gmail.com>
.\"
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
.\" of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
.\" in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
.\" to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
.\" copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
.\" 
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
.\" copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
.\" IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
.\" AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
.\" LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
.\" OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
.\" SOFTWARE.
.\"
.TH man 3 "01 Jan 2019" "1.0" "tiny2fa man page"
.SH NAME
t2_verify_key \- Verifies a given base32 secret key through the key provided
and a certain window.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <tiny2fa.h>
.sp
.BI "int t2_verify_key(const uint8_t " *b32_secret_key ", int " key ", int " window ");
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR t2_verify_key ()
verifies if the given
.I secret_key
and
.I key
is valid through a specific
.I window
time.
Note that the
.I window
must be an odd number and it represents how much time the algorithm will
consider your key as valid. For instance, a
.I window
value = 3 means that the algorithm will accepts key until 1 minute, in the past
or in the future.

If the
.I window
value is 0, the algorithm will use the default window, 3.

.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns 1 if the key is valid and 0 otherwise.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
#include <stdio.h>
#include <tiny2fa.h>

int main(void)
{
	int key;

	/* key in base32 with 32 digits. */
	const uint8_t b32_sk[T2_KEY_ENCODED_LENGTH + 1] =
		"A3WPD3B2SK5UNYCY7AI7ZMICC2LGDXQO";
	
	/* Current key. */
	key = t2_get_key(sk, 0);
	printf("Generated key: %06d\\n", key);

	if (t2_verify_key(sk, key, 0))
		printf("Your key is valid!\\n");
	else
		printf("Your key is false\\n");

	return (0);
}
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR t2_get_key (3),
.BR t2_generate_key (3)
.SH AUTHOR
Davidson Francis (davidsondfgl@gmail.com)
