.\" MIT License
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2018 Davidson Francis <davidsondfgl@gmail.com>
.\"
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
.\" of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
.\" in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
.\" to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
.\" copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
.\" 
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
.\" copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
.\" IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
.\" AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
.\" LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
.\" OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
.\" SOFTWARE.
.\"
.TH man 1 "31 Dec 2018" "1.0" "tiny2fa man page"
.SH NAME
tiny2fa \- manages secret-keys and keys for 2FA algorithm
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBtiny2fa\fR [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBtiny2fa\fR allows the user to create 2FA (only) TOTP secret-keys and generate
keys with customizable time and window values.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-h, --help"
Print the usage and exit.
.IP "-v, --version"
Print the version number and copyright.
.IP "-g, --generate-secret-key"
Randomly generates the secret key in base32 and outputs to the stdout.
.IP "-k, --get-key <secret-key>"
Gets the current key based in the secret key. Options -t and -w can also be used
together.
.IP "-t, --time-stamp <time>"
Sets the unix time-stamp that will be used. This option should be used in
conjunction with -k.
.IP "-w, --window <window>"
Sets the window that will be used. Window values should be odd. This option
should be used in conjunction with -k or -vy.
.IP "-vy, --verify <secret-key> <key>"
Verifies the the secret-key together with the key passed as parameter.
Options and -w can be used in conjunction.
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Davidson Francis (davidsondfgl@gmail.com)
